* Treat other community members with courteousness and respect.

* Conduct disagreements on a technical, not a personal, level.  It is
  unacceptable to attack another community member personally, even by
  insinuation.

* Keep in mind that email is a medium prone to misunderstandings, and
  that many mailing list participants do not speak English as their
  first language.  Interpret other people's emails charitably.  If you
  are not sure that you understand, ask for clarification.  Assume
  good faith on the part of others, and do not attribute technical
  disagreements to ulterior motives.  Choose your words carefully to
  help other people avoid misinterpreting them, and avoid hyperbole.

* Strive to keep the mailing list a forum for effective collaboration.
  Only post if you have something worthwhile to add to the discussion.
  Be concise and do not repeat what has already been said.  Code
  reviews, contributions of patches, and concrete data such as bug
  reports are far preferable to philosophizing, vague suggestions, and
  whining.  Avoid bikeshedding and do not participate in flame wars.
  Avoid revisiting settled debates unless the facts have changed.

* Accept reviewers' comments gratefully and take them very seriously.
  Show that you appreciate the help by giving the reviewer the benefit
  of the doubt.  If, after careful consideration, you find that you
  cannot agree with a reviewer's suggestion, explain your reasoning
  carefully without taking or giving offense, and seek compromise.

* When reviewing other peoples' code, be tactful and constructive.
  Set high expectations, but do what you can to help the submitter
  achieve them.  Don't demand changes based only on your personal
  preferences.  Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.

* Be welcoming to new community participants.  Help them get oriented,
  and be patient with their questions.  Gently introduce them to our
  community standards, above all by setting a good example yourself.

* It is not OK to use these guidelines as a stick with which to beat
  supposed violators.  However, if you genuinely feel that another
  community member is routinely behaving in ways that are detrimental
  to the community, it might help to calmly express your concerns to
  that person, preferably in a private email, and naming concrete and
  specific incidents rather than broad generalizations.
